So I want you to go to remove Dot B G, it's basically removed up background.
All we're going to do is hit enter and then this tool is simple, simple, simple and free, free free.
So if you've watched the previous lecture, you know, I was trying to work with this photo and already
had some circles around me had some background that I probably could have removed and then use that
on the banner.
Well, how fast was that before I was even done talking?
Removed RPG removed the background for me, which is exactly what I wanted.
It's really quick.
Once you drop a photo in the air, I will automatically detect what's in the background and it will
take away if you notice that it misses the mark on a couple of items.
All we're going to do is hit, edit and look for a race restore.
Here is, if we wanted to restore, it would restore the background and we're going to undo that.
If we wanted to erase the background will simply hit erase.
This is your brush size, so I could make it as large or small as I wanted to.
And it definitely takes a steady hand, steadier hand than I am right now.
But it does take a bit of a steady hand and a little bit of patience to smooth out some of this extra
stuff.
OK.
All right.
So if I'm happy with this photo, all I want to do is download it.
This will get saved to your file and then you can then upload this face, which will be your face or
your logo or whatever.
Upload that to Canva and then edit until your heart's content.
Couple of other things that I want to point out that you can do, which I love, by the way, is you
can blur background.
I do think the blurred background is a pretty cool feature, because if you're trying to make an iPhone
or an Android photo look like a little more like a headshot, you could blur the background that definitely
makes it look a little more professional.
You can also add I've actually never use these, but you do have the option to add some backgrounds.
So if a color background is your jam or maybe a light gray light blue, then maybe this is something
that you entertain using as well.
And I like the light blue makes me feel like we're doing middle school yearbook photos, but it's an
option.
So play around with this tool.
It's fun, it's free.
It's super fast.
And it's definitely a way to make your headshot look a little more professional, especially if you
are using this to add a little pizzazz to your Canva background.